Yeah, college is a really cool time in a person's life. You have a lot
of opportunities, and resource is available to you through the university
on DSO. I think that to get the most out of this experience,
you need to get involved. So, you know, try new things. Look into the
services that are offered or provided to you through the university.
Oftentimes, students have no idea of the capabilities of the university.
So we have a lot of great things on our campus. We have the
career center. We have the library, which has all sorts of features
available to students. We have fun things. We have a bowling alley in
the Titan Student Union. We have the Arboretum. Um, there's so many
things available to students, um, that they sometimes aren't aware
of, so become familiar with all of the opportunities that are around
you and then take advantage of all of the ones that you possibly can